Make Shell-Completion.md clearer and update it (#8015)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Shell-Completion.md

## Configuring Completions in `bash`

> To make Homebrew's completions available in `bash`, you must source the definitions as part of your shell's startup. Add the following to your `~/.profile` or `~/.bash_profile` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Homebrew's completions available in `bash`, you must source the definitions as part of your shell's startup. Add the following to your `~/.bash_profile` if it exists or `~/.profile` otherwise:
```

Author: Done!

fi
```

Should you later install the `bash-completion@2` formula, this will automatically use its initialization script to read the completions files.

> When installed, the `bash-completion@2` formula also runs `${HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh` and all files in the `bash_completion.d` directory (If the Caveats section is followed after installation, of course). Therefore, it is recommended to comment out the block of code given above after installing `bash-completion@2` because it becomes redundant.

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to recommend ignoring the caveat if the code above is used. The code above does the same as the caveat but also works if the formula isn't installed.

Author: That makes sense. But don't you think we should let the formula have control? For example, what if `bash-completion@2` decided to change which script it runs or adds more files to source in the Caveats code?

Reviewer 2: They haven't for about 20 years, but if they do someone will have to remember to update this.

Author: I hope the new commit fixed this problem!

```

Should you later install the `bash-completion` formula, this will automatically use its initialization script to read the completions files.
When installed, the `bash-completion` formula also runs `${HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh` and all files in the `bash_completion.d` directory. This is done by adding a line to your `.bash_profile` which is given in the Caveats section upon the installation of `bash-completion`

As both Homebrew's completion code given above and the Caveats line do the same thing, it is recommended to either not add the Caveats line or to comment the line out because Homebrew's completion code works even without installing the `bash-completion` formula.

> If you are using a version of `bash` newer than version 4.1 (like Homebrew's `bash`), we recommended you use the `bash-completion@2` formula instead because it is newer and has better performance. You can check the version of `bash` you have by running `bash --version`. MacOS ships with version 3.2.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using the `bash` formula as your shell (i.e. `bash` >= v4) you should use the `bash-completion@2` formula instead.
```

```

Should you later install the `bash-completion` formula, this will automatically use its initialization script to read the completions files.
When installed, the `bash-completion` formula also runs `${HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh` and all files in the `bash_completion.d` directory. This is done by adding a line to your `.bash_profile` -

```
[[ -r "/usr/local/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh" ]] && . "/usr/local/etc/profile.d/bash_completion.sh"
```

> which is mentioned in the Caveats section upon the installation of `bash-completion`

Reviewer 4: No need to re-quote the suggested Caveats line; just mention that either it or the code block from earlier will work.

Author: Done!

As both Homebrew's completion code given above and the Caveats line do the same thing, it is recommended to either not add the Caveats line or to comment the line out because Homebrew's completion code works even without installing the `bash-completion` formula.

---

> **Note**

Reviewer 4: Drop each `---` and the "Note" heading.

Author: Done!

> If you are using a version of `bash` newer than version 4.1 (Like Homebrew's `bash`), it is recommended to use the `bash-completion@2` formula instead as it is newer and has better performance. You can check the version of `bash` you have by running `bash --version`. MacOS ships with version 3.2.

Reviewer 4: "Like" and "MacOS" don't need to be capitalized. Also, use active voice to keep instructions clear and concise.

Author: Done! Are you sure we need to un-capitalize "MacOS"? It is the start of a sentence, right?

Reviewer 3: `macOS` is a proper noun so shouldn't be capitalised.
